Deprecate SPT threading support on NonStop. (#22807)
openssl/openssl: NOTES-NONSTOP.md

Threading Models
----------------

> OpenSSL can be built using unthreaded, or POSIX User Threads (PUT). Select

Reviewer: While we're here, I guess we can fix the grammar:

```suggestion
OpenSSL can be built either using the POSIX User Threads (PUT) threading model, or with threading support disabled. Select
```

Author: Done

the following build configuration for each on the TNS/X (L-Series) platform:

 * `nonstop-nsx` or default will select an unthreaded build.
 * `nonstop-nsx_put` selects the PUT build.
 * `nonstop-nsx_64_put` selects the 64 bit file length PUT build.

> SPT is no longer supported as of OpenSSL 3.2.

Reviewer: Maybe be a little clearer:
```suggestion
The SPT threading model is no longer supported as of OpenSSL 3.2.
```

Author: Done
